So now, let's implement F given S with the starter code.
First is, checking if the node is a leaf,
and then if it is leaf,
multiply the weight times the node prediction.
So that means we take the weight times the node prediction.
If you go back to the definition of our tree class,
you can see that we implemented a function called node prediction.
So if I'm back in the tree class implementation,
notice that I have defined node prediction,
which returns the value for node i,
and that value is the prediction for that node.
So here, I multiply the weight times the trees node prediction for node i.
Next, if the feature index is in S,
that means we are going to be using that in that tree,
then we decide whether it's going to go traverse the left subtree or the right subtree.
So in the case when the feature value is less than or equal to the threshold,
then we traverse the left subtree.
So we're going to say, "Recursively traverse."
That means call the function inside the function traverse tree towards the left child.
So the left child,
and also traverse tree takes in the weight.
So we're just going to pass the weight along, down the sub tree.
Now, for the right subtree,
we're going to do something very similar.
We're going to recursively call the function going down the right subtree,
the right child is time,
and also we're going to pass the weight alone.
Now, for the last part,
when the feature is not in the subset S,
that means we're pretending that we're not splitting on that feature.
So first, traverse the left subtree and update the weight to be
the current weight times the proportion of samples in the left child node.
So I'm just going to set up some variables here,
left subtree is equal to something, which I'll fill in.
The right subtree is also equal to something.
The last step says,
"Return the sum of both of these."
So return left subtree plus right subtree.
Okay. So filling in left subtree,
we're going to traverse the tree for the left child.
We're going to pass into weight,
but scaled by something,
and that's going to be the proportion of samples in the left child node.
So if we go back to our class tree,
we'll see that we defined the proportion of samples in the left child.
So we're going to go ahead and use that.
So it's the trees proportion of samples on left child for node i.
Similarly, we can do the same for the right subtree.
We're going to traverse the tree,
going down to the right child and passing the wait times some scalar.
So it was tree dot,
it's going to be proportion of samples in the right child of node i.